feat: fix and deprecate addDts (#118)
florian-lefebvre/astro-integration-kit: .changeset/four-trains-raise.md

---

> "astro-integration-kit": patch

Reviewer: It is breaking already because it changes on which hook it can be used.

Author: I don't think it's breaking because addDts does not change in itself

Reviewer: It received the params of `astro:config:setup`. Now it receives the params of `astro:config:done`. It will break everywhere it's being used and require a code change moving it to the new hook

---

> Deprecates the `addDts` utility, it will be removed in a future minor release. Bump your Astro peer dependency to ^4.14.0 and use [injectTypes](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/integrations-reference/#injecttypes-options):

Author: ```suggestion
Deprecates the `addDts` utility, it will be removed in a future minor release. You can anticipate this change by bumping your Astro peer dependency to ^4.14.0 and using [injectTypes](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/integrations-reference/#injecttypes-options):
```
